this is the Samsung Galaxy fold you're
ready for the clicking sound it's so
satisfying ready this is the world's
first 7.3 inch
infinity flex display whatever that
means but it's it's a flexi screen see
it folds the unboxing experience is a
fun one and features Samsung's wireless
earphones because well no headphone jack
I mean the galaxy bud sound great you
really cancel out the noise am i yelling
the thing of this thing is it's not a
one-handed device the magnets are so
strong on this guy it's very hard to
open with one hand and also even when
you're opening with two it's kind of
hard I feel like I'm gonna drop it but
hey I got the hang of it okay guys guys
people notice me notice me and my phone
the outside screen has a pretty heavy
bezel but it's pretty easy to make phone
calls from or send off a quick text
message yes the crease is pretty
noticeable but you kind of forget about
it once you start watching videos taking
photos surfing on Twitter
Wow you really can't tell that there's a
crease the crease kind of disappears
when you're up doing photos videos it's
not as apparent as you think the
experience is similar to that of an iPad
Mini typing is really easy and scrolling
through webpages and social media is
just fun
Instagram actually looks great nothing
like it's sad iPad counterpart although
insta story is you know they're kind of
awkward for now hopefully we'll get an
update multitask with up to three
windows and certain apps seamlessly
transition in between displays the
seamless transitions in between this
front display and this display is going
to take time from developers the Galaxy
fold is powerful with twelve gigabytes
of RAM in the dual battery system also
the speakers are loud the fold has six
camera lenses in ultra wide wide and a
telephoto on the back two on the inside
and one on the front
[Music]
this is a smartphone and a tablet in one
with the 1980 price tag is obviously not
for a ton of people but for a first gen
device
it seems promising for the first time
since the first iPhone I really felt
like I was holding literally the future
her imagine what this could be
throw in the S Pen and this could be
Samsung's new Notes and until next time
I'm gonna keep playing with this should
I switch should should I switch from the
trusty iPhone tinner woman what do you
not understand time is money